please can everyone keep their two
metres been queuing up for their
temperature checks our men worry is
making sure that we're protecting our
workers because we need those guys to be
able to produce their product around the
time that we Han went into lockdown
around the third week of January and we
already knew that we were going to need
some TP so we've bought enough stuff to
do this to the end of July and really if
we don't have PPE
then we would have to shut the back in
terms of where the lane couldn't be
segregated to load people to be two
metres apart we've introduced perspex
garden so here on a sawfish packing
station this allows the Packers to work
shoulder-to-shoulder but was guarding
between them up theism is it less than
2% which is better than actually the
norm we've heard of different factories
in the industry that are rolling a 20%
absence rim
I think the thought of the virus has
kept me up with Nate I don't want to go
home feeling that I may have been
exposed so we're making sure that nobody
else has that fear within our workforce
[Music]